how did you feel about dr k
starting on twitch i was optimistic that
it would go nowhere
and we could move on to doing something
else
i'm gonna read i'm gonna read
i'm gonna read
everything in the world is whose fault
asriel
mine absolutely
there's so much uncertainty in the world
and we just assume like i assume that
like
my family is behind me in the house even
though i don't know that
oh i know that huh
[Music]
and then i'll be like dude shut up man
and i'd be like
oh my god guys i gotta exit react i was
just confused what is i didn't even
understand what
xqc was saying oh okay um
basically that was that a sentence
oh oh i'm so sorry oh oh
oh you're not like a weak person like oh
my god
she'd be so much stronger if she spoke
out because that's what you're supposed
to do
[Music]
hey yo this premium content is gonna be
a lot man
i started working on it and it's good
but
cool
a man doesn't take it lying down man is
in control of his own destiny
man doesn't discuss his feelings
feelings are for wimps
i am a man and i do things i fix my life
do something with yourself
just stop playing just like play video
games last bro
funny job doctor okay
okay who are you writing what did you
guys decide
let's rate joe who's joe what ray joe
who's joe
[ __ ] [ __ ]
okay who or what is
a beldelphine and so she started selling
her bath water no no and some drank it
they drank it i just think for a second
uh how do we sit uh will you sit up
straight
do you need help you need a refresher on
how to sit i can teach you because
you're fine no
i was wondering if you want to go like
uh like like
sideways or like uh that's okay
sit up straight
[Music]
yeah i'm on you're not allowed to have
feelings like who the [ __ ] do you think
you are
having feelings being hurt by people
your twitch royalty who the [ __ ] told
you you get to have feelings
maybe i need to do my eyebrows you know
i've been telling you my eyebrows more
can you can you shut up for a second
train
so you mentioned that she went to an ivy
how do you how do you feel about that
there are mixed feelings for sure i mean
absolutely
proud she got recruited for d1 soccer as
well my sister's always been like a
like a better than you
i don't know i can't count i'm a
psychiatrist because i can't do math
if i could do math i would have been
engineer
mathematician economist finance
go on let's say a dating app um very
difficult in quarantine uh surprisingly
enough
consider dating an anime character they
can't contract
it's interesting i find myself getting
emotional because you know this may be
like a
bad thought and i don't know if it's
good or bad but
the one thing that i i can kind of think
of that
is bizarrely comforting is not so much
about kobe but
i'm this may sound maybe this is an
[ __ ] thought but
i think it must have been nice for his
daughter that he was in the helicopter
when it was going down
because i can just think about um
yeah like i can think about i'm glad he
was this is gonna sound bizarre but for
the sake of his daughter like
i'm glad he was in the copter you know
because i i can't imagine one of my kids
going through that like i would want to
be there even if i die
i would want to be there that's
unexpected
chat don't let me down because i'm
counting on you bro
i can't do it unless you do what you
need to do i don't have the energy i
can't
i can't carry this alone i need to know
that you're gonna it's gonna help you
i can't help people who don't get helped
i don't have the energy to do that
i need to know that this is gonna help
you and i need you to help me do that
i need you to help me keep going so
albert what's it like to be someone
who other people don't want to be around
and to be cut off from the pack
sorry it's heavy yep
i'm gonna start crying in a second and i
had a lot of grief and stuff
um not really so much for my loss of him
but the thing that i was the most upset
about is that
he was i remember the day that i got
into medical school he just started
crying because i had been struggling to
get into medical school for a while and
he was kind of worried that's really
cute
and i hadn't seen him cry like that i
mean he just like broke down and he said
that you're gonna be amazing
he's like nothing is gonna stop you now
you are amazing
yeah you're really really good at what
you do you helped me a lot
yeah i've talked to a lot of i've talked
to a lot of psychiatrists
and so he saw that right he saw that
like you know when i
i mean i had a 2.6 gpa and was
struggling to get into medical
school i never thought i'd be faculty at
harvard medical school
and and he said like nothing is going to
be able to stop you
and that you should do good and you
should help people
you're aoe helping people absolutely
that's exactly what this is one-on-one
yeah
it's aoe right yeah
i figured you out fantastic i'm gonna go
have lunch now
go [ __ ] yourself